1. We could read the things that happened 5000 years ago in the Far East where people learn to write first
	**We could read of things that happened 5,000 years ago in the Near East,where people first learned to write.
2. However,there are still some place where people don't know how to write until now.
	__But there are some parts of the world where even now people cannot write.
3. Their only way to preserve the history is recounting it as legends,which recount ...
	**The only wat that they can preserve their history is to recount it as sagas--legends handed down from one generation of stroytellers to another.

1. These legends are useful, because they could tell us where the ancient people came from.
	**These legends are useful because they can tell us something about migration of people who lived long ago
2. But none could write down  what they did (当时).

4. anthropologist don't know where the ancestor of Polynesian  living in the pacfic islands came from.
Anthropologist wondered where the remote ancestor of  the Polynesian peoples now living in the Pacific Islands came  from.

the sagas of these people explain the some of them came from Indoesia about 2,000 years ago.

但是，和我们相似的原始人生活的年代太久远了，有关他们的传说即使有如今也失传了。
But the first people who were like ourselves live so long ago that even their sagas, if they had any, are forgotten.

所以，考古学家们既缺乏历史记载，又无口头传说来帮助他们弄清最早的现代人是从哪来的
So the anthropologists have neither history nor legends to help them to find out where the first 'modern man' came from


6. Fortulately, however, the ancient people made tools of stone, expecially flint, because this is easier to shape than other kinds.

They may have used wood and skins, but these have rotted away. Stone does not decay, so the tools of long ago have remained when even the bones of the men have disappeared without trace.

there are still numberous knowledge that are not learned by students who have finished their school education.
it is imperative